okay here's a riddle they surround you
every day you share your home with them
yet you might not pay the slightest
attention to their existence
your partner's nagging just kidding I'm
talking about everyday objects with
hidden uses you might not know about the
button on the back of a collared shirt
is there so your tie doesn't peek out
the middle end of a tape measure has a
slit in it so you can fix it to a nail
or screw for when you don't have a buddy
to hold the other end the jagged teeth
on the other side can draw marks on a
surface when you don't have a pencil
coins were given ridges on the edges to
stop savvy people from shaving off parts
of the coins and melting them down to
make new ones missing ridges made it
obvious that the coin had been messed
with you get a small piece of fabric
with new clothes so you can test the
material before washing the garment if
it fades stretches or pills in the wash
you'll know and won't ruin the whole
piece of clothing next time you're at
the grocery store
notice the loop in the front of the cart
it's there for you to put a bag of
delicate items like eggs or bread so
they don't break or get squished the
spike in the cap of a tube of ointment
or cream is there so you can puncture
the tiny foil seal no need to grab a
toothpick or try to use your fingernails
to peel it off you shouldn't ever forget
which side of the car the gas tank is on
check the fuel gauge on the dashboard
there's a little gas pump with an arrow
pointing to the left or right yep it's
telling you which side you should pull
up toward the pump additional side holes
and Chuck Taylors do provide extra
ventilation but they were there to lace
the shoes more securely these sneakers
were originally made for and worn by
basketball players don't forget
notebook margins come with a strange
history people started and finished the
writing further from the edges of a
piece of paper because old documents and
books were prone to rat chewing they'd
be stored in basements in warehouses
where the rodents would chew around
edges with margins none of the
information was lost Oh rats
you can stretch out the pleats in those
ketchup cups to get more room so if you
like a whole handful of fries or you're
trying to dip a chicken nugget well
there you go go check your box of
aluminum foil does it have pushing tabs
on the sides they're there to keep the
roll in place as you pull some foil out
now flip a stapler upside down see the
metal plate on the bottom you can turn
it to get temporary staples ones whose
pins are bent outward and are easier to
take out the bottom drawer in the oven
is to keep ready dishes warm while
others are cooking it's not supposed to
be for storage imagine a plunger the one
you're probably thinking of is actually
four sinks it only works on flat
surfaces like a drain toilet plungers
have a soft rubber flap that folds out
from inside the cup part obviously for a
different kind of job it wasn't their
original purpose but you can use soda
can tabs to hang hangers on other
hangers by the way the hole in the tab
is there to put straws through and keep
them in place another useful tip use old
shower curtain hooks to hang scarves on
a clothes hanger and last hanger tip of
the day if delicate shirts and spaghetti
straps keep slipping off don't go out
and buy special made velvet hangers just
wrap a pipe cleaner around that part of
your plastic or metal hanger the colour
of your bead tie tells you when the
bread was baked and how fresh it is
Blue means Monday green Tuesday red is
Thursday white Friday and yellow is for
Saturday not for all but for most
bakeries
but don't throw your bread ties away use
them to fix broken flip-flops organize
your hanging cords label which plug goes
to what in a power strip or just wrap
your earphones around them to keep them
from tangling in your bag or pocket the
small black dot between the camera lens
and the flash on the iPhone is the third
microphone it helps eliminate background
noise and improve audio quality when
recording videos post-it notes are
supposed to be peeled off from the side
like you're turning the page in a book
most of us tear them from the bottom and
that just creates a crease and makes the
note less sticky frisbee started their
life out as pie containers after
enjoying some delicious dessert students
started throwing the empty tin plates to
each other it turned out to be really
fun and eventually became its own toy
the fur on the hood of your winter coat
is there to keep heat near the face it's
great at catching wind and snow to the
hole in your spaghetti spoon helps you
measure the perfect portion it's just
enough for one person so multiply that
by however many you need to prevent
water from boiling over just lay a
wooden spoon across the rim of the pot
it only works for a little while though
if the spoon surface gets heated up to
boiling point the bubbles will just foam
up and around it that's why metal spoons
won't do they heat up too quickly does
the audio jack to your headphones have
one two or three stripes one band means
your headphones just play sound to mean
stereo sound and three mean the
headphones also have a microphone the
hole in a doughnut helps it bake evenly
throughout without it you risk getting
crispy edges and a gooey center well
unless you put some cream or Jam in that
center mm-hmm
silica gel packets can absorb up to 50%
of the humidity in a confined space so
use them around the house take one to
the lid of a container of dry goods be
it dog treats bread crumbs cookies you
name it throw one in each of your
dresser drawers just make sure they
don't get accidentally eaten some
erasers have two colors and textures not
for panning versus pencil led but for
different types of paper you're supposed
to use the blue side to remove pencil
marks from heavy grades of paper
most people use bobby pins upside down
the zigzag part goes closer to your
scalp the texture keeps the hair and pin
in place much better never notice the
tiny second hole in the lid of your
coffee travel mug or goto cup it's there
to control how smoothly the liquid flows
out of the drink hole it also lets the
steam escape so the high temperature and
build up pressure don't melt the lid or
send it shooting off same principle with
your gas can next time you go to fill it
for the lawnmower leave the second hole
on it open it's to prevent gas clogging
and thus spilling dents on golf balls
help them fly further and faster than if
they were smooth they don't help it go
toward the intended target which is the
part that I really need the tiny hole on
the bottom of a padlock
let's excess water flow out of it like
when it's raining keep an eye on the
blue bristles of your toothbrush when
the color fades it's time to get a new
one
dentally speaking the strips on
toothpaste and cream tubes are just
photo marks so the machine knows where
to cut them during production bath
bubbles have a practical use the air
traps heat and keeps the water warm for
longer bubble wrap was originally
created as wallpaper so it would be easy
to clean but the decor idea didn't take
off so they found a new use for it yeah
my dog loves to pop em oh and they also
help cushion items during shipping